Add LogNormal distribution page (#486)
arviz-devs/preliz: docs/examples/log_normal_distribution.md

---
jupytext:
  text_representation:
    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3
  language: python
  name: python3
---
# Log-Normal Distribution

> The log-normal distribution is a continuous probability distribution of a random variable whose logarithm is normally distributed. Thus, if a random variable $X$ follows a log-normal distribution, then $ Y = \log(X)$ is normally distributed. It has a right-skewed shape and is defined for positive values of $x$. It is is characterized by two parameters: $\mu$ and $\sigma^2$, which are the mean and variance of the log-transformed variable, respectively, not the original variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log-normal distribution is a continuous probability distribution of a random variable whose logarithm is normally distributed. Thus, if a random variable $X$ follows a log-normal distribution, then $ Y = \log(X)$ is normally distributed. It has a right-skewed shape and is defined for positive values of $x$. It is is characterized by two parameters: $\mu$ and $\sigma$, which are the mean and standard deviation of the log-transformed variable, respectively, not the original variable.
```
